What fictional family would you most like to join?
Would you rather be reincarnated as a cat or a dog?
Pull out your phone; what is your most used emoji?
What celebrity do most people say you look like?
What movie do you wish you could watch again for the first time?
What is your go-to karaoke anthem?
What is the best thing you have bought so far this year?
Who is the most interesting Disney character?
Imagine you can instantly learn any language. Which would you choose?
What was the most unique style or fashion trend you ever embraced?
What weird fashion trend would you bring back?
What actor or actress would you want to play you in the movie about your life?
What was your best class in school?
What is an easy item on your bucket list that you haven’t done yet?
What is your most used phone app?
Are you more productive in the morning or at night?
What is something interesting we would not know about you just by looking?
If you could live in any US state, which state would you pick?
If you could live in any country, which country would you pick?
What is your #1 recommendation in your city?
Which song could you listen to over and over again?
You can visit any fictional time or place. Which would you pick?
Which show do you remember most from your childhood?
What is the earliest book you remember?
What is your favorite season?
What is your favorite seasoning?
What is the best piece of advice you have ever gotten?
Imagine you no longer have to work. How would you spend a Tuesday?
What is your go-to TV show to watch at night?
If you could be great at any Olympic sport, which would it be?
What was the worst job you ever had?
What is your favorite holiday tradition?
Do you prefer funny stories or dramatic ones?
What would it take to give up your smartphone for a month?
What is the best dessert?
Do you know how to speak more than one language?
Do you prefer working from home or the office?
What was the first way you made money?
What is a current trend that you just don’t understand?
What piece of advice would you share with your younger self?
What is your favorite hobby?
Would you rather stay at a hotel or an AirBNB?
Do you take your PTO all at one time, or another way?
Which of your teachers is most memorable and why?
Have you ever won something as a team?
What was your first online screen name?
If you had to write a textbook, what would it be on?
What is a weird food you have tried? Would you eat it again?
If you could have an unlimited supply of one thing for the rest of your life, what would you pick?
What reality show would you want to be on?
There is a free, round-trip shuttle to Mars. The catch: it will take one year of your life to go, visit, and come back. Are you in?
Imagine you could teleport anywhere. Where would you go right now?
Would you want to have a personal assistant follow you around everywhere and do what you asked of them?
What is an easy way to do something nice for someone?
Who is someone in your community that makes a difference?
Would you rather live in a city or a town?
Would you rather live 100 years in the past or 100 years in the future?
What is the worst advice you have been given?
Have you read any good books or seen any good movies lately?
If you could live in any fictional world, which would it be and why?
Does your family have a story about you that they always re-tell when you are together?
What is the very first thing you would do after winning a million dollars?
Do you have a collection?
What’s your guilty pleasure?
What would the title of your autobiography be?
If you could bring back any fashion trend or old slang, what would it be?
What game show or competition do you think you could win?
What’s something you think is totally overrated?
If you were an athlete, what would you choose as your entrance song?
What book do you wish you could read for the first time again?
Would you rather star in a romance-based or adventure-based reality TV show?
When was the last time you did something for the first time?
Did you play sports as a kid? Do you play any sports now?
Who in your life has inspired you the most?
What were your favorite subjects in school?
Have you ever been mistaken for someone famous?
What was your first concert? 
What was the best concert you’ve ever been to?
What is the best gift you’ve ever given?
If you won a million dollars, what’s the first thing you’d do?
If you had an extra hour per day, what would you do?
Was there ever a food you didn’t want to eat, but you loved it once you tried it?
If you had to live in a video game, which one would it be?
If you could remove one word from the dictionary, what would it be?
If you could be any animal, which would you be?
If you could control one element (air, water, earth, fire), which would it be and why?
If you could send a message out to the entire world, what would it be?
If you could only watch one movie for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you could only listen to one album for the rest of your life, which would you choose?
What’s your pet peeve?


