Do you fold your pizza?
What fictional family would you most like to join?
Would you rather be reincarnated as a cat or a dog?
Pull out your phone; what is your most used emoji?
Who was your childhood famous crush?
Imagine you are a professional baseball player. What is your introduction song?
What celebrity do most people say you look like?
If you could try any food, what would it be?
What movie do you wish you could watch again for the first time?
You can only eat one food again for the rest of your life. What is it?
What is your go-to karaoke anthem?
What is your favorite type of sandwich?
You are stranded on a remote desert island. Are you alone or with your worst enemy?
What is the best thing you have bought so far this year?
Who is the most interesting Disney character?
What is the best super power?
What dog breed would you be?
Have you ever met your idol?
What bucket list item do you most want to check off in the next six months?
Imagine you can instantly learn any language. Which would you choose?
Do you prefer big dogs or small dogs?
What emoji best describes how you are feeling right now?
What is a weird fact you know?
Does your car have a name? What is it?
What was the most unique style or fashion trend you ever embraced?
What weird fashion trend would you bring back?
What simple food will you never eat?
Would you go in the mother-ship with aliens if they landed on Earth tomorrow?
What actor or actress would you want to play you in the movie about your life?
Would you want to have an imaginary friend today? Did you have one as a child?
What is your favorite knock-knock joke?
Would you rather have a pet sloth or a pet parrot?
Which trap in Home Alone was the best?
Which movie made you laugh hard?
Have you ever been to a funny comedy show?
What is the best romantic comedy?
Is Hugh Grant funny?
What is the most obscure superpower you would want?
Which superpower would you give to your arch enemy?
How would you rate your laugh out of 10?
What was your best class in school?
Who is your favorite author?
What is an easy item on your bucket list that you haven’t done yet?
What was the last thing you ate?
What is your favorite holiday?
What is your favorite part of working from home?
What is the most interesting book genre?
What is your favorite movie genre to watch?
What is your most used phone app?
What is your favorite thing to eat for breakfast?
Are you more productive in the morning or at night?
What is something interesting we would not know about you just by looking?
If you could live in any state, which state would you pick?
If you could live in any country, which country would you pick?
What do you usually eat for a quick lunch?
What is your #1 recommendation in this city?
What is the best kitchen gadget?
Which song could you listen to over and over again?
You can visit any fictional time or place. Which would you pick?
Which show do you remember most from your childhood?
What is the earliest book you remember?
What is your favorite season?
What is your favorite seasoning?
What is the best piece of advice you have ever gotten at work?
Imagine you no longer have to work. How would you spend a Tuesday?
What person from history would you add to Mount Rushmore?
What is your go-to TV show to watch at night?
What is your favorite mythical creature?
Who was your most unique pet?
If you could be great at any Olympic sport, which would it be?
What was the worst job you ever had?
What is your favorite holiday tradition?
Do you prefer funny stories or dramatic ones?
What would it take to give up your smartphone for a month?
What is the best dessert?
Where is your favorite vacation spot?
Do you know how to speak more than one language?
Who is the most famous person you have met?
What is your favorite musical instrument?
Would you rather live close to work or at work?
How would you describe your job to a five year old?
What do your family and friends think you do all day?
What was your first job?
What is your earliest memory of this job?
What is your standard office lunch?
What did you want to be when you grew up?
Do prefer working from home or the office?
Is it better to be late for work or to leave early?
What is the most unusual job you have heard of?
Would it be better to start work five years later or end five years earlier?
Would you support “National Avocado Day” as a work holiday?
What is something you did at work that no-one noticed?
What is the best work holiday?
What was the first way you made money?
Which beverage goes best with pizza?
How do you top your burgers?
What is your “when I was your age…” story?
What did you want to be when you grew up?
What is a current trend that you just don’t understand?
What piece of advice would you share with your younger self?
Beach holiday or ski trip?
What movie defined your generation?
Which song do you remember most from prom?
When you are alone in the car, what volume is the music at?
What is your hobby?
If you had to move to another country, which one would you choose?
When did you start liking/hating mushrooms?
Would you rather stay at a hotel or an AirBNB?
Do you take your PTO all at one time, or another way?
Which of your teachers is most memorable and why?
Which fictional team is the best team of all time?
Which real team is the best team of all time?
Would you rather be an Avenger or a Power Ranger?
Would you rather join Metallica or Backstreet Boys?
Were the Spice Girls a good team?
What is your earliest memory of teamwork?
What is something you accomplished as part of a team?
What was the first team you were part of?
Have you ever won something as a team?
Would you rather do a large project independently or as part of a team?
On a scale of 1 – 10, how much of a team player are you?
Can lone wolves be part of a team?
What was your first online screen name?
Which class is both difficult and fun?
Which class do you wish the school offered?
What was the best childhood gym activity?
What do you miss about kindergarten?
If you had to write a textbook, what would it be on?
Do prefer a quick pop-quiz or end of year exam?
What career do you want?
What is your “I almost missed an exam” story?”
How did you choose your college?
What do people not understand about being a student?
Do you prefer online classes or in-person?
Should college be mandatory?
What is something you are grateful for as a student?
What is a weird food you have tried? Would you eat it again?
Show us your cell phone wallpaper. Is there a story behind it?
If you could have an unlimited supply of one thing for the rest of your life, what would you pick?
Would you let aliens beam you up if they came to Earth?
What season would you be?
What is a simple dance move that you are bad at?
What is your favorite song to sing?
What vegetable is best with cheese?
You are the best criminal mastermind in the world. What crime would you commit if you knew you would get away with it?
If you could be any supernatural creature, which would you pick?
What reality show would you want to be on?
There is a free, round-trip shuttle to Mars. The catch: it will take one year of your life to go, visit, and come back. Are you in?
Imagine you could teleport anywhere. Where would you go right now?
Would you want to have a personal assistant follow you around everywhere and do what you asked of them?
What is a good way to give back to the community?
What is an easy way to do something nice for someone?
Who is someone in your community that makes a difference?
Would you rather live in a city or a town?
What is the best example of a community you have seen?
Would you join a community in space if it was permanent?
Would you rather live 100 years in the past or 100 years in the future?
How much money do you make?
Who is your office crush?
What was the most difficult thing about your childhood?
Have you ever seen a therapist?
What is your mother’s maiden name?
How did you get your worst scar?
What is the worst advice you have been given?
What is the first gift you remember receiving?
What is your earliest memory of Christmas?
Have you ever told someone Santa is not real?
How do you like your potatoes?
What is the best holiday or winter treat?
What is a simple holiday tradition you like?
What is your New Years resolution?
Would you rather live at the North Pole or the South Pole?
Which holiday song is your favorite?
What is your favorite color and why?
Which super power do you want?
Which are better, cookies or brownies?
What is your favorite type of ice cream?
Do you prefer hot chocolate or tea?
Do you have an imaginary friend?
What is something you like?
Which month were you born?
What do you call your grandparents?
How tall are you?
What size shoes do you wear?
What is your favorite movie?
What do you do for fun?
What is something you find funny?
Where is your favorite place in the entire world and why?
What is the best food you have ever eaten?
What is your dream career?
As a kid, what did you want to be when you grew up?
What is the best advice or guidance you have ever been given?
Who are your heroes?
What is your go-to karaoke song?
What is your favorite app on your phone?
Have you read any good books or seen any good movies lately?
If you could live in any fictional world, which would it be and why?
Does your family have a story about you that they always re-tell when you are together?
What is the very first thing you would do after winning a million dollars?
Do you have any hidden talents?
What are your favorite social media accounts to follow?
If you wrote an autobiography, what would the title be?
What is a skill that you think everyone should have?
What is one of your proudest achievements?
What activity or interest is a huge stress reliever for you?
If you had a month off to travel anywhere you desire, where would you go?
If you could change one thing about your job, what would it be?
If there was no dress code for work, what would be your chosen uniform?
What type of games would be included in your own work Olympics?
How do you cope with stress at work?
What is the worst job you have ever had?
If you could effortlessly pick up a skill in an instant, what would it be?
Who had a big influence on you as a kid or a teenager?
What is one thing you would like to do this year that you have never done before?
Do you have a collection?
If you could meet any historical figure, who would it be and why?
What is your favorite dessert?
Who’s the most famous person you’ve ever met? Tell us the story of how you met.
What’s your guilty pleasure?
Looking back at when you were younger, what was your silliest fear?
What is your current desktop or cell phone wallpaper? Why did you choose that image?
If you had to give your car a name, what would it be?
What’s your favorite knock-knock joke?
If you could host a talk show, which one would you pick?
What was your best Halloween costume? Worst?
What’s the last thing you got in “trouble” for?
What would the title of your autobiography be?
If you could add a word to the dictionary, what would you add and what would it mean?
If you could bring back any fashion trend or old slang, what would it be?
If you had to talk like a cartoon character for the rest of your life, who would you choose? Do an impression of them now.
What’s the worst piece of advice you’ve ever been given?
If you had to eat a crayon, what color would you choose?
What game show do you think you could win?
If you could only use one emoji for the rest of your life what would it be?
What’s your favorite movie quote?
What’s something you think is totally overrated?
If you were an athlete, what would you choose as your walkout song?
What book do you wish you could read for the first time again?
If you had to email the CEO an emoji right now, what would it be?
What was the first thing you thought about this morning?
What has been the best day of your life so far?
If aliens landed on Earth, who would you recommend they talk to?
Is a hotdog a sandwich?
Would you rather go on a relaxing vacation or an adventure hike?
Would you rather be a member of the Avengers or the Justice League?
Would you rather star in a romance-based or adventure-based reality TV show?
Would you rather have a theme song for your life or a constant soundtrack playing in the background?
Would you rather be a superhero or the world’s best chef?
Would you rather compete in the Olympics or direct a movie that was nominated for an Oscar?
Would you rather sing karaoke with the head of our department or be on a group call with the CEO and your parents?
What’s your favorite local restaurant and why?
What’s something you’ve always wanted to do but haven’t done yet? Why not?
When was the last time you did something for the first time?
What do you do to beat stress?
What’s the most surprising thing that’s happened to you in another state or country?
Do you have any “coworkers” (partners, roommates, siblings, parents, pets)?
Have your working hours changed as a result of remote work?
Do you prefer working remotely or working in an office?
What’s your best WFH accessory?
What’s your go-to WFH beverage? Do you prefer coffee? Tea?
Is there a spot in your house where you feel most productive?
If you could have any upgrade to your WFH setup, what would it be?
What’s your morning routine?
How often do you work in your PJs?
Do you have any siblings? Are you the eldest, middle, or youngest child?
Where did you grow up?
Did you have any pets as a kid? Did you want any pets?
Did you play sports as a kid? Do you play any sports now?
Do you speak any other languages?
What’s your favorite place in the world?
What was your first job?
What was your favorite cartoon as a kid? What was your favorite cartoon character? If they weren’t the same, why not?
Who in life has inspired you the most?
What’s one family tradition you want to pass down to your kids?
What’s a piece of advice your parents or grandparents gave you that you want to pass on?
What were your favorite subjects in school?
Did you have an imaginary best friend when you were younger? What were they like?
Have you ever been mistaken for someone famous?
Want to make sure you’ve covered your bases? Try some tried-and-true icebreakers. Curious about what your teammates’ favorite TV show is? Or, how about 
what’s on their bucket list? These common icebreakers include go-to questions for getting to know your team better.
What book are you currently reading? What’s your favorite book?
What’s your favorite TV show?
What’s your favorite movie?
What’s your favorite song?
What was your first concert? What was the best concert you’ve ever been to?
If you were stranded on a deserted island, what book or object would you bring?
If you could have dinner with one historical figure, who would it be? What about one currently living celebrity?
What’s the greatest gift you’ve ever received? What about the best gift you’ve ever given?
Do you have any hidden talents?
When you were younger, what did you want to be when you grew up?
If you were granted three wishes, what would you wish for?
If you won a million dollars, what’s the first thing you’d do?
What are you passionate about outside of work?
If you had an extra hour per day, what would you do?
What’s your favorite genre of music?
Are you a dog person, a cat person, or both?
What’s on your bucket list?
What’s your #1 travel destination?
What’s your favorite place?
Have you ever traveled outside of the country?
Mountains or ocean?
Snow or sand?
Where did you go the first time you traveled (or remember traveling)?
What is your favorite thing to do locally?
If you were to move to another country, where would you move?
What’s your favorite breakfast food?
What are your favorite pizza toppings?
What’s your favorite type of ice cream?
What’s your favorite happy hour drink?
If you could name a cocktail, what would you call it?
Spicy or sweet?
What is your favorite fast food restaurant?
Was there ever a food you didn’t want to eat, but you loved it once you tried it?
If you had to live in a video game, which one would it be?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be?
If you could remove one word from the dictionary, what would it be?
If you could be any animal, which would you be?
If you could control one element (air, water, earth, fire), which would it be and why?
If you had to live in one Disney movie, which would you choose?
If you could send a message out to the entire world, what would it be?
If you could only watch one movie for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you could only listen to one album for the rest of your life, which would you choose?
If you were a potato, how would you like to be cooked?
You have 20 minutes to plan for the zombie apocalypse—what do you do? What if you had 24 hours?
What’s your least favorite food?
What did you want to be when you were younger?
Do you have any secret talents?
What’s your pet peeve?
